https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-34544 Modularize GRC 2.17 (#8891)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/disable_template_process.adoc

Reviewer: One warning for this file. Line 19 needs to be a step or similar, currently it is a standalone paragraph

<img width="502" height="88" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d0f7208c-f897-4721-b751-2d3a2715b0c9" />

Author: thanks!

Author: Moved the line to step one

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#disable-template-processing]
= Disabling template processing in policies

[role="_abstract"]
By default, the governance framework processes all Go templates within configuration definitions. For `policy-templates` you do not want to process, disable individual templates.

.Procedure

. To disable template processing for a particular template, add the `pass:` label in the raw string. See the following example where `{{ template content }}` is ignored:

+
----
{{ pass:[`{{ template content }}`] }}
----

> Then, the template returns a raw string to be processed by a subsequent templating engine.

Author: ```suggestion
.Procedure

. To disable template processing for a particular template, add the `pass:` label in the raw string. The template returns a raw string to be processed by a subsequent templating engine. See the following example where `{{ template content }}` is ignored:

+
----
{{ pass:[`{{ template content }}`] }}
----
```

>  Then, the template returns a raw string to be processed by a subsequent templating engine.

Author: ```suggestion
Then, the template returns a raw string to be processed by a subsequent templating engine.
```
